Add cheatsheets (#12)
datatrails/go-datatrails-merklelog: term-cheatsheet.md

We include the tenantID to ensure that the generated hash for the TrieKey is not the same
across the tenant boundary.

In order to recreate the hash, and find out if an event has been shared via the trieKey, would
require the eventID.

### Trie Data

variable: `trieData`

Trie Data is all the trie data, represented as a list of trie entries
in the massif data.

Massif data format:
```
|--------|----------|---------|
| header | trieData | mmrData |
|--------|----------|---------|
```

### Massif

A massif is a self contained portion of the Merkle Mountain Range (MMR).

The massif is stored as a single blob in blob storage. Therefore you can 
make the following statement: `massif is a synonm of blob in the context of forestrie`

The term massif means, amongs other things, "a sub range of mountains in a larger mountain range".

Its size depends on the maximum height, the MMR is allowed to get to,
before starting a new massif.

The massif is self contained because it contains all the leaf nodes and
intermediate nodes of its own portion of the MMR, but also the peaks of exactly and only those nodes it needs from *any* previous massif.

> See the description of the peak stack maintenance in the mmrblob format document linked above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The details of the format, and how this peak stack is maintained, are discussed further in our developer docs
```
